or the family how are you paying attention
because there has suddenly emerged
last minute defamation from Jorge
Javier against Olga Moreno defamation and
mental gymnastics is all it must be said
this time he has had to force himself
and he has had to give it some thought
to see the way to defame and
attack Olga then he will complain about being
vetoed and people kicking him out
and less and less people want to be
with him on a plate because bad life what
mental gymnastics he has marked it is in
relation to the well one of the last
videos that we were commenting on on this
channel unanue the latest news you already know
that Olga Moreno is right now
on vacation at the beach with her
little ailments there is little Lola and there
is David Flores who is passionate about
Olga but let's see if
we find out one thing Jorge because
to criticize we first have to have
all the facts on the table if you are going to
continue criticizing Olga because she continues to
love and continues behaving like a
family David Florent to
criticize her first I
would have to take Rocío Carrasco and
want to know something about the boy but if
Rocío Carrasco is the same one who doesn't
want to know anything about the boy because
potato because with the daughter she invents
something well or she has an excuse it's worth it
I think that the other things I think that what
happens to her with the daughter is that she doesn't
forgive her for talking to Antonio David and
that they haven't condemned him yet and he is by her side
but well that she dies for her father no
but for the son the three things she does
n't call the son because she doesn't want to because she is
living life in another way so
while Rocío Carrasco continues not
wanting to know anything about the son then lazy she
is there obviously that you want me to
organize the kick of my flowers because
you have made a docudrama what
organ what organ takes care of little David
well little but a little one they always
talk about the little one but well as a
little one he has nothing but that Olga does not
live the same life that she does with David
that they do not have the same relationship that she
respects the position of the mother but how is she
going to respect the position of the mother if
the mother doesn't want to know anything about him
like that some things look carefully at what he
says you know that Olga upload a photo
with David we are here on the beach
enjoying ourselves just like she has uploaded
many times and I think that today she also
uploaded it with her daughter it is with little
Lola and she has learned many things with
the two of them crosses of days because
things do not happen by chance
with the two of them it would be learning
with the glycemia at the moment what you have
learned what is in your mouth because you
have paid well there is no payment you
are still appealing a sentence for
unfair dismissal no but you have already six one
two bracelets from Belén Esteban that I
am looking forward to
yesterday I saw Rocío Carrasco was on
this channel
and preparing her performance on the
night of the Media Fest and she was seen
singing laughing jumping and having a
great time and what a curiosity what is going to be
revealed is that the wave turns out to be that it was
never counted she never loves him she never gives him
affection they never upload photos with
the one who goes it's that nothing they do it
when Rosito comes  laugh know and
have a good time
Rocío Carrasco was having a
good time working at Telecinco work the
winner of Survivor last year
posted a photo on Instagram with the
photo with Rocío Carrasco's son
reading while the mother laughs and has a
good time on TV working I
stayed with her son here that I am good
company and I am a good caregiver
but it's really funny to me because
now that it persists in agreement with me
Jorge is telling this as if to say
hello uploading the photo the interpretation that he
wants to give you is that you have to see that
Rocío Carrasco was having a good time
and while she is having a good time
she is the one who is giving care and
affection to the child, the boy and it's like
she is better but I know that you yourself are doing
that interpretation because you know that in the one there we
observe that another interpretation you have to
give yourself in your account that she is
saying it as if look at
Olga's intention how bad it is could she could hide she
knows she could hide and not upload photos
with David while the mother is
partying you know wait to upload  photos with
dhabi another day what nonsense is
Jorge saying ha ha really you don't
know what nonsense yes for the mind
the ass to carrasco that has already taken from you
what he has to take from you uncle that he is already going to
take away the demands the
compensations whatever was in that
pact god drag us and more but what
nonsense is that oh look the reading is
end of the reading is
what is this called it has a name it
has a name that I learn a lot when I
see things people applaud and
people applaud Carlos a
totally organic applause how good that it is not at
all because the survivor's councilor
is the same as the one from
sálvame okay Fernando that the one who is
there that I was over here look over here
I sat down that many times and well the
councilor from time to time says come on
applause come on I don't know what listen to me Jorge let's
see how it's going to be a coincidence how it's going to
be a coincidence that precisely Olga decides to
upload a photo while the
mother is having fun if that's
always  Jorge that's always
always while the mother was having a
good time but they've been like that for
years always while the mother is having a
good time up and down
Olga even with the children, it's not
like it's a coincidence today look at
you look at you the evil content is that they have
put Olga to be with the child and
take a photo precisely now that
she is having fun it's like
producing yes it is impossible for them not to
coincide
Olga to David while the teacher has a
good time because those every day
but my son when Rocío Carrasco is
behind her son and Olga is trying to
supplant her as a mother then
complain but if the graphics have
no interest in calling the son and having
contact and relationship with the 2000 criticize
that wave that is not trying to take
the position to nobody knows what it
wants that nobody talks to the child I do not
understand that what he wants that the
Carrasco's already his purpose has been done uncle who
was to look good a lot it would be the
plot of a movie a movie
half pod half where she looks good
Because she is a victim of
gender violence, therefore everything that
others criticize her for, and all the others who
are not on her side, well, they are the bad ones, and
she is the good one who supports this guy. Let
the others continue loving each other and let
people be happy, Jorge, that
maybe is what you need. A hug,
champion.